[boschindego] Add note that batteryVoltage is not populated correctly (#15764)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.boschindego/README.md

Image                    Indego_GardenMap          { channel="boschindego:indego:singlekey:lawnmower:gardenMap" }
```

---
**NOTE**

> Currently some models (verified with Indego S+500 and Indego M+700) the channel `batteryVoltage` is not properly populated with the actual battery voltage but with the `batteryLevel`.

Reviewer: A few minor suggestions:
- Skip mentioning specific models. It seems unneeded and can become misleading if firmware or service will be fixed.
- Slightly rephrase to avoid any confusion between a problem in the models vs. a problem with the binding's channels.
- Directly advise which channel to use.

```suggestion
Currently some models report the battery level in percent as voltage.
For these models `batteryLevel` should be preferred over `batteryVoltage`.
```

Author: Sounds good - adapted the text.

---

> 

Reviewer: This is placed in the middle of the full example chapter. I would suggest to add it to the existing battery footnote in line 58.

Author: Agreed.
